In the Manager login, under Submissions page, under the Pending Review TAB, if the Appraisal Type is 360 Degree Feedback, the Manager should get the following options.1. Choose Peer Employees2. Choose Reporting Member's Direct Reportees3. Choose Others1. Choose "Peer Employees" should enable the Managers to select multiple other employees within his/her team or even from other teams. The Reporting Manager should have filter options (Employee name/code, Location, Department, Level, Grade, Reporting Manager) to select the desired employees. Once the employees are selected, the Manager should have an option to click a "Request for Feedback" button. This should send a mail to the respective selected employees using the configured SMTP settings and add this request in the new Feedback Requests page of the employee. The employee should be able to fill his/her feedback and submit the request. The Manager should be able to cancel the feedback request by clicking the Cancel button.2. Choose "Reporting Member's Direct Reportees" should enable the Managers to select employees reporting to the member whose appraisal is being evaluated. The Reporting Manager should have filter options (Employee name/code, Location, Department, Level, Grade) to select the desired employees. Once the employees are selected, the Manager should have an option to click a "Request for Feedback" button. This should send a mail to the respective selected employees using the configured SMTP settings and add this request in the new Feedback Requests page of the employee. The employee should be able to fill his/her feedback and submit the request. The Manager should be able to cancel the feedback request by clicking the Cancel button.3. Choose "Others" should enable the Managers to mention specific Names and Email Ids of people to whom the feedback is to be requested. Once the email ids are mentioned, the Manager should have an option to click a "Request for Feedback" button. This should send a mail to the respective mentioned email ids using the configured SMTP settings. The users should be able to submit the feedback from the email form submitted by the Manager. The email form should mention the following fields which the user should be able to fill,1. Reporting Member details (Name, Email Id, Location, Department, Reporting Manager Name)2. Relationship with Peer (how long they’ve worked together, in what context same team, project, cross‑functional, etc.) (text field)3. Collaboration and teamwork (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor)4. Communication (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor)5. Reliability (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor)6. Problem-solving (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor)7. Ownership (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor, Not Applicable)8. Openness to feedback (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor)9. Conflict handling, leadership (drop down with values Excellent, Good, Average, Needs Improvement, Poor, Not Applicable).10. Job specific core competencies (e.g., customer focus, innovation, process adherence).11. Strengths with examples: “What does this person do particularly well?”12. Development areas with examples : “What should this person do differently or improve?”13. Overall summary (text field)14. Recommended Rating (drop down with 1 to 5 values)The Manager should be able to cancel the feedback request by clicking the Cancel button.
In the Manager login, under Submissions page, under the Pending Review TAB, if the Appraisal Type is 360 Degree Feedback, the Manager should be able to see the feedback submitted by the users from whom the requests have been made.